# Python-Final-Project
My Final Project known as "Dead Hands" for python, a buckshot roulette/orange roulette/flash inspired card game. I've always been interested in flash games and grew up on websites like newgrounds, ninjakiwi, and armoredgames. I loved the aesthetics of all the classic games and wanted to replicate it at some point. I initially wanted to do a simple news banner project but that wouldn't have been sufficient for both my vision and functionality. A news banner didn't match my ambition for what I wanted to and know I could make. I realized that older flash games followed what I had in mind with their somewhat simple coding and manageability. The current project utilizes pygame, enumeration, async, and multithreading to have the ability to be ran even on the computer original flash games were made on. From the very beginning I understood my first challenge in creating the game was how to allow everything to run without freezing up or slowing down to wait for the other parts of the game to load. Async or [asynchronous functions] fixed the issue by allowing me to run things at different times instead of having to wait for an indiviual function/game aspect to load. Async also has a sleep command, taking out the other issue of a player double clicking a button or something loading so fast that an error follows. It took me many, many hours to finally understand how to get the game to work as such. PyGame was my go to choice for the physical creation of the game as it allowed me to draw shapes, create events, and go for more object oriented programming based off my C++ experience. I threw on multithreading to make sure the game ran smooth even under load from events or other processes on the device. Math and Random were needed to shuffle the deck, animations, framerates, and for card/game logic. It also allowed me to take in keyboard inputs in the event the player has a different style of playing and another nod to flashgames allowing you to use more than one method of control. The easiest portions were creating the name/card banks alongside the menu items followed by the creation of the shapes for cards, difficulties, and lives. The naming scheme was a nod to old flash games that were seen as "cool" or edgy such as the stickman sniper/combat games. I spent 50% of the development drawing and positioning the dealer, cards, and menu objects. I used a simple, darker color scheme to be both matching the old flash/game aesthetic and to be light on the eyes. Animations were thrown in towards the end to convey the dealer's death upon beating them and to create the illusion of card distribution. Enumeration was used to tell the game when you were betting, what menu you were on, or what the current state of your player/dealer was. It was put on auto for error prevention and to smoothly take in inputs from the game. 


Dead Hands has a simple rule set in which the player and dealer have 5 lives to gamble with. The player can bet up to all over their lives in a blackjack round where a win takes the dealers lives away. If the player dies, he/she has to start from the very beginning. Lost lives can be restored with a 21/blackjack. Once the dealer is defeated, the player moves on to the next difficulty. The difficulty was made to be based on the dealers willingness to hold at lower values. Once all 5 dealers have been defeated, the player is presented with a win screen.

This application only uses 20MB of Ram, It is error proof and is purposely built to be infuriatingly hard. It was made in under 300 lines and I have spent about 40 hours coding it for optimization and ease of use. I've spent a total of 4 hours play-testing it. 

To my professor I most definitely ask you to please take a try with this game and let me know if you can beat it without the cheats. 


199568487
